Getting started with angular a Universal is pretty simple if you're using the angular Selye which you
should and which you are doing in this course on the Get up page of the angular Selye you can dive into
their official documentation and in their documentation here that's basically a link to that.
Vicki there you'll find some link to stories on the right here.
And then to universal rendering.
That's the article we're interested in.
Here you can learn more about how to enable that universal rendering.
And it's just named universal because your angular app then runs on both the client and the server.
So here you learn how to integrate that into angular Selye project.
And thankfully it's pretty simple.
It all starts by adding additional dependencies.
So we'll go through that and all the steps step by step into a module and just one important note I
will be using visuals to do code in this model simply because I'm recording does at a later point of
time does it was recorded after the rest of the course was recorded and I switched the idea.
Now it's still the same code.
It's still the recipe book.
It's still the same project just an angular six project that's important with a different idea.
And with that let's continue and let's dive into all these steps and enable server side rendering with
angular universal.